Add astro docs for circleci cicd (#507)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd.md

:::

### CircleCI

> To automate code deploys to a Deployment using [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), complete the following setup in a Git-based repository that hosts an Astro project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CircleCI

To automate code deploys to a Deployment using [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), complete the following setup in a Git-based repository that hosts an Astro project:
```

> 1. Set the following as a [CircleCI context](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/contexts/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=sem&utm_campaign=sem-google-dg--uscan-en-dsa-maxConv-auth-brand&utm_term=g_-_c__dsa_&utm_content=&gclid=CjwKCAjwlcaRBhBYEiwAK341jRWvW2iD6b6sBVh4U4V5Et6re9-0xSFcjhQAtDrV-7UJgmB5ZxxSEhoCmacQAvD_BwE):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the following environment variables in a [CircleCI context](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/contexts/):
```

> 1. Set the following as a [CircleCI context](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/contexts/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=sem&utm_campaign=sem-google-dg--uscan-en-dsa-maxConv-auth-brand&utm_term=g_-_c__dsa_&utm_content=&gclid=CjwKCAjwlcaRBhBYEiwAK341jRWvW2iD6b6sBVh4U4V5Et6re9-0xSFcjhQAtDrV-7UJgmB5ZxxSEhoCmacQAvD_BwE):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the following environment variables in a [CircleCI context](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/contexts/):
```
